README.md, before:

We collect here all the useful scripts for an ez copy pasta


##### ARM64
[Hook SVC in given space](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/arm64/hook_svc.js)

[Stalk SVC](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/arm64/stalk_svc.js)

##### Android
[Backtrace](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/android/backtrace.js)

[Break selinux check](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/android/selinux_check.js)

[Cert pinning](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/android/pinning.js)

[Common calls for su and other detections](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/android/common_detections_calls.js)

[Dwarf: trace java function](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/android/dwarf_trace_nested_java_function.js)

[Hook native library loading](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/android/hook_system_load_library.js)

##### Unix
[Run code on a new thread](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/unix/pthread_create_n_task.js)

Commit message:

added script to statically grab root activity and root layout

README.md, after:

We collect here all the useful scripts for an ez copy pasta


##### ARM64
[Hook SVC in given space](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/arm64/hook_svc.js)

[Stalk SVC](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/arm64/stalk_svc.js)

##### Android
[Backtrace](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/android/backtrace.js)

[Break selinux check](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/android/selinux_check.js)

[Cert pinning](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/android/pinning.js)

[Common calls for su and other detections](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/android/common_detections_calls.js)

[Dwarf: trace java function](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/android/dwarf_trace_nested_java_function.js)

[Hook native library loading](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/android/hook_system_load_library.js)

[Satically grab an handle to root activity and root layout](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/android/statically_access_root_activity_and_layout.js)

##### Unix
[Run code on a new thread](https://github.com/secRet-re/frida-scripts/blob/master/unix/pthread_create_n_task.js)
